doc: qemu: clarify how to emulate multiple devices (#616)
foundriesio/docs: source/getting-started/emulation-with-qemu/index.rst

   For this specific platform, we use the ``-bios=flash.bin`` flag to boot the system.
   However, the flags and configurations may vary based on the selected platform.

.. note::

>    If you're looking to emulate multiple devices, ensure you convert to the QCOW2 format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you wish to emulate multiple devices, ensure that you convert to the QCOW2 format.
```

>    If you wish to emulate multiple devices, ensure that you convert to the QCOW2 format.
>    Each image that is converted and subsequently run with QEMU will be recognized as a distinct device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   To emulate multiple devices, ensure that you convert to the QCOW2 format.
   Each image converted and subsequently run with QEMU will be recognized as a distinct device.
```

Personally, I avoid using "wish" in documentation. I suggest a straightforward way to say the same.
